Who are you?
You guess
I don't know anything
I had nothing to do with your death
If you want revenge
You go find someone else
Then you tell me who killed me
Hurry up or I'll strangle you
Lost Seeking Plum
Lost Xunmei gave me the contact information of the killer
I want to find a killer to kill you
Enough Luo Yingxue
Is it funny for you to scare a fool?
Hahaha
Luo Xinmei, you also know that he is a fool
Then I have to ask
You hold a fool as the city lord
It suits the heart.
What makes Liang Kun the city lord?
What's going on here?
City Lord Liang, your good wife and son
Are you considering taking the position of city lord from you?
Enough Germany shut up
If you allow nature, you are not dead.
Now I will act as the elder of the Luo family
Get you out of Luo's house
out of focus
4Sheng Zhengye